Project Assessment:
  Cross-Solar is a backend web application that collects energy analytics data for solar panels every hour.

Notes:
  - The project accepts data for registered panels only, and to register a panel, a serial number along with latitude and longitude is required. The serial number must exact be 16 characters in length (for ex. AAAA1111BBBB2222); latitude and longitude should contain 6 decimal places and must have valid values within latitude range (-90 to 90) and longitude range (-180 to 180) respectively.
  - Frontend application is excluded from the current scope. It is a separate, fully-functioning application handled by another team, so we do not want to modify it.

Tasks:
  1) Frontend team wants to display panel’s all historical data in a chart, in which each point represents electricity generated by this panel each day [sum, min, max, average of hourly kilowatt values] up to the end of the previous day. Your goal is to implement the backend part of this task. The API specifications are already there in the code as agreed with Frontend team. Please also include unit tests for the code that write.
    
  2) Increase test coverage to about 60%. Increasing test coverage much above this treshold will not provide any additional value to the project
so please do not spend time on this.

  3) There are a few bugs in the application that we'd like you to fix. 
    
  4) Even though the project might not be in a great structure, please do not spend your valuable time on structure modifications, focus on fixing bugs.

    We'll be evaluating your submission on the following parameters:
    - Code quality and best practices
    - Implementation of new feature
    - Bug fixes
    - Unit Tests

Development Environment:
  - Database is being managed by migrations, current settings will crdate database named CrossSolarDb in default instance of MS SQL Server on local computer.
  - Any IDE can be used, i.g. Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Vim ...
  - Logic can be completelly tested by running unit tests. All needed boilerplate code is provided.
  - No integration tests, nor infrastructure for them is included in the project, to test application end-to-end, browser or tool like PostMan, Fiddler, or curl can be used
  - test coverage can be checked by running coverage.bat inside CrossSolar.Test project
  
Solution delivery:
  - Please make your changes in branch containing your name
  - When you sollution is ready, create pull request into master branch
  
